Document Game Widgets (#478)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/user.mdx

| 5     | POP      | Colored dropshadow                  |
| 6     | GLOW     | Alternate gradient style            |

### Game Widget Object

A single widget list.

| Field      | Type                                                   | Description                      |
|------------|--------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| data       | [game widget data](#game-widget-data-structure) object | The data of the widget      |
| id         | snowflake                                              | The ID of the widget             |
| updated_at | ISO8601 timestamp                                      | When the widget was last updated |

##### Game Widget Data Structure

> The data of the guild widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data of the game widget.
```

Reviewer 2: this honestly just doesn't need a desc at all

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
unfortunately this section just makes it more confusing. game widgets aren't really in need of a terminology section cuz you can just follow the logical path of the structures

> ### Game Widget object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Game Widget Object
```

> Contains a data field to provide the data of the widget.

Author: I'll update some of the other parts too to have simple suggestions too then, realize many were more complicated than they needed to be 😅

> Contains a data field to provide the data of the widget.

Reviewer 2: i got most of em in my review, just keep in mind for next time :p

| Field           | Type                                       | Description                                                                                  |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| type            | string | The [type of the game widget](#game-widget-type)         |

> | games?          | array[[game object](#game-widget-game-structure) object]         | The widget's games. (not applicable for [`application` widgets](#game-widget-type)           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| games?          | array[[game widget game](#game-widget-game-structure) object]         | The widget's games (not applicable for [`application` widgets](#game-widget-type)           |
```
Maybe use a footnote instead

> | data        | [game widget data](#game-widget-data-structure) | Data field containing the data of the game widget.                                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| data        | [game widget data](#game-widget-data-structure) object | The data of the game widget                                                                                   |
```
- object data types should be followed by "object"
- no periods in field/enum descriptions (also keep em concise xd)

> | updated_at? | ISO8601 timestamp                               | Timestamp assigned by the server present on response bodies informing when the widget's data was last updated.                       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| id         | snowflake                                       | The ID of the widget |
| updated_at | ISO8601 timestamp                               | When the widget was last updated |
```
when a partial is used for e.g. creating or updating, we mark this in the endpoint itself. the complete object does have these keys as required so we don't mark them as optional here or pollute the object definition

##### Game Widget Type

| Value           | Description         | Detailed? |
|-------------------|------------------------|-----------|
| favorite_games     | Favourite game (max 1)     | true      |
| played_games      | Games I Like (max 20) | false     |
| current_games | Games in rotation (max 5)     | true      |
| want_to_play_games      | Want to play (max 20) | false     |

> | application       | Specific game details        | false       |

Reviewer 2: agree on the footnote, don't mention rivals though it isn't that specific

> | type            | [game widget type](#game-widget-type) enum | The type of the game widget. (e.g. favourite game, games in rotation, application)           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| type            | string | The [type of game widget](#game-widget-type)           |
```
"Type" is the base type, enums are linked in descriptions

> | games?          | array[[game object](#game-object)]         | An array of select games, not present if the widget is an application game widget.           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| games?          | array[[game widget game](#game-widget-game-structure) object]         | The selected games (not applicable for [`application` widgets](#game-widget-type)) |
```
"object" shouldn't be in the hyperlink for consistency

### Game Object

| Field    | Type                         | Description                                                                                         |
|----------|------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | game_id  | snowflake                    | The game id of the game. (only games that are eligble to be displayed as widgets)                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| game_id  | snowflake                    | The application ID of the game                   |
```

> | comment? | ?string                      | Optional comment to be displayed below the game in detailed game widgets.                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| comment? | ?string                      | Optional comment to be displayed below the game in detailed game widgets                           |
```

| tags?    | array[[tag enum](#tag-enum)] | An array of select game tags (e.g. love_it, etc) displayed below the game in detailed game widgets. |

##### Example Game Object:
```
{
  "game_id": "700136079562375258",
  "comment": null,
  "tags": [
    "rage_quitting"
  ]
}
```

### Game Widget Type

| Variant           | Value (string)         | Game Limit | Detailed? |
|-------------------|------------------------|------------|-----------|
| Favorite game     | `"favorite_games"`     | 1          | true      |
| Games I like      | `"played_games"`       | 20         | false     |
| Games in rotation | `"current_games"`      | 5          | true      |
| Want to play      | `"want_to_play_games"` | 20         | false     |

> | Application       | `"application"`        | N/A        | N/A       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Value              | Description               | Detailed |
| ------------------ | ------------------------- | -------- |
| favorite_games     | Favorite game (max 1)     | true     |
| played_games       | Games I like (max 20)     | false    |
| current_games      | Games in rotation (max 5) | true     |
| want_to_play_games | Want to play (max 20)     | false    |
| application        | Specific game details     | false    |
```

please follow the common table formats

| Love It                | `"love_it"`            | Rating                 |
| Kind of Love it        | `"kind_of_love_it"`    | Rating                 |
| Kind of Hate it        | `"kind_of_hate_it"`    | Rating                 |
| Rage Quitting          | `"rage_quitting"`      | Rating                 |
| Looking For Group      | `"looking_for_group"`  | Looking For            |
| Open To Play           | `"open_to_play"`       | Looking For            |
| Looking For Tips       | `"looking_for_tips"`   | Looking For            |
| Open To Teach          | `"open_to_teach"`      | Looking For            |
| Looking To Discuss     | `"looking_to_discuss"` | Looking For            |
| Noob ^1^               | `"noob"`               | presumably Skill Level |
| Learning The Ropes ^1^ | `"learning_the_ropes"` | presumably Skill Level |
| Getting Good ^1^       | `"getting_good"`       | presumably Skill Level |
| Like It ^1^            | `"like_it"`            | presumably Rating      |
| Frustrated ^1^         | `"frustrated"`         | presumably Rating      |
| Too Easy ^1^           | `"too_easy"`           | presumably Skill Level |

> ^1^ Not visually displayed in the client as a tag, only accepted at the API level and only shown in data responses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Value              | Description        |
| ------------------ | ------------------ |
| noob               | Noob               |
| learning_the_ropes | Learning The Ropes |
| casual             | Casual             |
| getting_good       | Getting Good       |
| intermediate       | Intermediate       |
| expert             | Expert             |
| better_than_you    | Better Than You    |
| obsessed           | Obsessed           |
| love_it            | Love It            |
| kind_of_love_it    | Kind of Love it    |
| kind_of_hate_it    | Kind of Hate it    |
| rage_quitting      | Rage Quitting      |
| like_it            | Like It ^1^        |
| frustrated         | Frustrated ^1^     |
| too_easy           | Too Easy ^1^       |
| looking_for_group  | Looking For Group  |
| open_to_play       | Open To Play       |
| looking_for_tips   | Looking For Tips   |
| open_to_teach      | Open To Teach      |
| looking_to_discuss | Looking To Discuss |
```

same here. also, we don't typically add a comment *just* because something doesn't show up in the client cuz the docs are meant to be client-agnostic. if it's deprecated or similar, then a comment may be warranted

| guild_member? ^1^             | private [guild member](/resources/guild#guild-member-object) object                                    | The guild member in the guild specified                                       |
| guild_member_profile? ^1^     | [profile metadata](#profile-metadata-object) object                                                    | The guild member's profile in the guild specified                             |
| guild_badges ^1^              | array[[profile badge](#profile-badge-structure) objcet]                                                | The guild member's guild-specific profile badges                              |

> | widgets ^1^                   | array[[game widget](#game-widget-object)]                                                              | The user's game widgets                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| widgets ^1^                   | array[[game widget](#game-widget-object) object]                                                              | The user's game widgets                                                       |
```
